gpu: Support GPU passthrough to LXD containers using Container Device Interface (CDI) (#13562)
canonical/lxd: doc/howto/container_gpu_passthrough_with_docker.md

(container-gpu-passthrough-with-docker)=
# How to pass an NVIDIA GPU to a container

If you have an NVIDIA GPU (either discrete (dGPU) or integrated (iGPU)) and you want to pass the runtime libraries and configuration installed on your host to your container, you should add a {ref}`LXD GPU device <devices-gpu>`.
Consider the following scenario:

Your host is an NVIDIA single board computer that has a Tegra SoC with an iGPU, and you have the Tegra SDK installed on the host. You want to create a LXD container and run an application inside the container using the iGPU as a compute backend. You want to run this application inside a Docker container (or another OCI-compliant runtime).
To achieve this, complete the following steps:

1. Initialize a LXD container with {config:option}`instance-security:security.nesting` enabled (needed for running a Docker container inside a LXD container):

>         lxc init ubuntu:24.04 t1 --config security.nesting=true

Reviewer: If the container is initialised this way, the docker container later on will use the `vfs` storage driver which is very space inefficient and requires more than 100GB of space for downloading the container image.

After discussion with @tomponline we found that creating a `btrfs` storage pool, drastically reduces the space needed to run the container. This would also be automatically picked up by docker.

Therefore in my opinion, step 1 should be the creation of the storage pool:
```
lxc storage create p1 btrfs size=15GiB
```

And then use it for initialising the container:
```
lxc init ubuntu:24.04 t1 --config security.nesting=true -s p1
```

Reviewer 2: agreed, or suggest using the syscall interception mode, as per our docs (this should be tested to check if works as it would mean one could use a dir pool without needing to setup a new btrfs pool).

Author: @DocSepp @tomponline updated

Author: Sorry @tomponline (I updated my earlier message), I actually face the same issue as @DocSepp for the ARM board.

Here is the `docker info` inside the LXD container for my x86 worstation:
```bash 
Client: Docker Engine - Community
 Version:    27.1.2
 Context:    default
 Debug Mode: false
 Plugins:
  buildx: Docker Buildx (Docker Inc.)
    Version:  v0.16.2
    Path:     /usr/libexec/docker/cli-plugins/docker-buildx
  compose: Docker Compose (Docker Inc.)
    Version:  v2.29.1
    Path:     /usr/libexec/docker/cli-plugins/docker-compose

Server:
 Containers: 1
  Running: 0
  Paused: 0
  Stopped: 1
 Images: 1
 Server Version: 27.1.2
 Storage Driver: overlay2
  Backing Filesystem: extfs
  Supports d_type: true
  Using metacopy: false
  Native Overlay Diff: true
  userxattr: true
 Logging Driver: json-file
 Cgroup Driver: systemd
 Cgroup Version: 2
 Plugins:
  Volume: local
  Network: bridge host ipvlan macvlan null overlay
  Log: awslogs fluentd gcplogs gelf journald json-file local splunk syslog
 Swarm: inactive
 Runtimes: io.containerd.runc.v2 nvidia runc
 Default Runtime: runc
 Init Binary: docker-init
 containerd version: 8fc6bcff51318944179630522a095cc9dbf9f353
 runc version: v1.1.13-0-g58aa920
 init version: de40ad0
 Security Options:
  apparmor
  seccomp
   Profile: builtin
  cgroupns
 Kernel Version: 6.8.0-41-generic
 Operating System: Ubuntu 24.04 LTS
 OSType: linux
 Architecture: x86_64
 CPUs: 24
 Total Memory: 31.18GiB
 Name: t1
 ID: 0b4d9cd6-397d-4563-a2b6-45389cb714a9
 Docker Root Dir: /var/lib/docker
 Debug Mode: false
 Experimental: false
 Insecure Registries:
  127.0.0.0/8
 Live Restore Enabled: false
```

and for the IGX board:
```bash
Client: Docker Engine - Community
 Version:    27.1.2
 Context:    default
 Debug Mode: false
 Plugins:
  buildx: Docker Buildx (Docker Inc.)
    Version:  v0.16.2
    Path:     /usr/libexec/docker/cli-plugins/docker-buildx
  compose: Docker Compose (Docker Inc.)
    Version:  v2.29.1
    Path:     /usr/libexec/docker/cli-plugins/docker-compose

Server:
 Containers: 0
  Running: 0
  Paused: 0
  Stopped: 0
 Images: 0
 Server Version: 27.1.2
 Storage Driver: vfs
 Logging Driver: json-file
 Cgroup Driver: systemd
 Cgroup Version: 2
 Plugins:
  Volume: local
  Network: bridge host ipvlan macvlan null overlay
  Log: awslogs fluentd gcplogs gelf journald json-file local splunk syslog
 Swarm: inactive
 Runtimes: runc io.containerd.runc.v2 nvidia
 Default Runtime: runc
 Init Binary: docker-init
 containerd version: 8fc6bcff51318944179630522a095cc9dbf9f353
 runc version: v1.1.13-0-g58aa920
 init version: de40ad0
 Security Options:
  apparmor
  seccomp
   Profile: builtin
  cgroupns
 Kernel Version: 5.15.0-1012-nvidia-tegra-igx
 Operating System: Ubuntu 24.04 LTS
 OSType: linux
 Architecture: aarch64
 CPUs: 12
 Total Memory: 53.51GiB
 Name: t1
 ID: e5abe472-90f4-4117-b8bf-fcce731c5c93
 Docker Root Dir: /var/lib/docker
 Debug Mode: false
 Experimental: false
 Insecure Registries:
  127.0.0.0/8
 Live Restore Enabled: false
```

____

I try to enable `overlay2` inside the LXD container on the IGX board (following [this](https://docs.docker.com/engine/storage/drivers/overlayfs-driver/#prerequisites)) but it fails

Author: Do you see something unusual in the `docker info` from the board?

Reviewer 2: Maybe that system's kernel is missing overlay module.

Ok let's document both options then

Author: fixed

1. Add the GPU device to your container:

    - If you want to do an iGPU pass-through:

          lxc config device add t1 igpu0 gpu gputype=physical id=nvidia.com/igpu=0

    - If you want to do a dGPU pass-through:

          lxc config device add t1 gpu0 gpu gputype=physical id=nvidia.com/gpu=0

After adding the device, let's try to run a basic [MNIST](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MNIST_database) inference job inside our LXD container.

1. Create a `cloud-init` script that installs the Docker runtime, the [NVIDIA Container Toolkit](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-container-toolkit), and a script to run a test [TensorRT](https://github.com/NVIDIA/TensorRT) workload:

        #cloud-config
        package_update: true
        write_files:
          # `run_tensorrt.sh` compiles samples TensorRT applications and run the the `sample_onnx_mnist` program which loads an ONNX model into the TensorRT inference server and execute a digit recognition job.
          - path: /root/run_tensorrt.sh
            permissions: "0755"
            owner: root:root
            content: |

>             #!/bin/bash

Reviewer: Line 36 to 50 need to be indented once, otherwise the lines won't be executed at the launch of the container.

Author: fixed

(container-gpu-passthrough-with-docker)=
# How to pass an NVIDIA GPU to a container

> If you have NVIDIA GPU (either discrete (dGPU) or integrated (iGPU)), runtime libraries and configuration installed on your host and you want to pass these files to your container, you should add a device a LXD GPU device.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you have an NVIDIA GPU (either discrete (dGPU) or integrated (iGPU)) and you want to pass the runtime libraries and configuration installed on your host to your container, you should add a {ref}`LXD GPU device <devices-gpu>`.
```

Author: fixed

Consider the following scenario:

> Your host is an NVIDIA single board computer that has a Tegra SoC with an iGPU, and you have an the Tegra SDK installed on the host. You want to create a LXD container and run an application inside the container using the iGPU as a compute backend. We want to run this application inside a Docker container (or another OCI-compliant runtime).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Your host is an NVIDIA single board computer that has a Tegra SoC with an iGPU, and you have the Tegra SDK installed on the host. You want to create a LXD container and run an application inside the container using the iGPU as a compute backend. You want to run this application inside a Docker container (or another OCI-compliant runtime).
```

Author: fixed

To achieve this, complete the following steps:

1. Initialize a LXD container with {config:option}`instance-security:security.nesting` enabled (needed for running a Docker container inside a LXD container):

        lxc init ubuntu:24.04 t1 --config security.nesting=true

1. Add the GPU device to your container:

    - If you want to do an iGPU pass-through:

          lxc config device add t1 igpu0 gpu gputype=physical id=nvidia.com/igpu=0

    - If you want to do a dGPU pass-through:

          lxc config device add t1 gpu0 gpu gputype=physical id=nvidia.com/gpu=0

After adding the device, let's try to run a basic [MNIST](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MNIST_database) inference job inside our LXD container.

1. Create a `cloud-init` script that installs the Docker runtime, the [NVIDIA Container Toolkit](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-container-toolkit), and a script to run a test [TensorRT](https://github.com/NVIDIA/TensorRT) workload:

>         #cloud-config

Reviewer 2: In general, as this is a howto, I think it would be useful to the reader to add comments to the cloud-init file explaining what each step is doing and why?

Author: fixed

>         #cloud-config

Reviewer 2: @simondeziel if you could take a quick look at this and see if there are any scripting improvements that could be made for conciseness/clarity that would be great, thanks.

        package_update: true
        packages:
          - docker.io
        write_files:

>           - path: /root/run_tensorrt.sh

Reviewer 2: Please can you add a comment here explaining what this does ?

Author: fixed

            permissions: "0755"
            owner: root:root
            content: |
            #!/bin/bash
            echo "OS release,Kernel version"
            (. /etc/os-release; echo "${PRETTY_NAME}"; uname -r) | paste -s -d,
            echo
            nvidia-smi -q
            echo
            exec bash -o pipefail -c "
            cd /workspace/tensorrt/samples
            make -j4
            cd /workspace/tensorrt/bin
            ./sample_onnx_mnist
            retstatus=\${PIPESTATUS[0]}
            echo \"Test exited with status code: \${retstatus}\" >&2
            exit \${retstatus}
            "
        runcmd:

>           - systemctl start docker

Reviewer 2: Lets just use `systemctl enable --now docker` instead of 2 separate commands

          - systemctl enable docker
          - usermod -aG docker root
          - curl -fsSL https://nvidia.github.io/libnvidia-container/gpgkey | sudo gpg
            --dearmor -o /usr/share/keyrings/nvidia-container-toolkit-keyring.gpg
          - curl -s -L
            https://nvidia.github.io/libnvidia-container/stable/deb/nvidia-container-toolkit.list

>             | sed 's#deb https://#deb

Reviewer 2: whats going on here?

Author: fixed

            [signed-by=/usr/share/keyrings/nvidia-container-toolkit-keyring.gpg]
            https://#g' | tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/nvidia-container-toolkit.list

>           - sed -i -e '/experimental/ s/^#//g'

Reviewer 2: whats going on here?

Author: fixed

            /etc/apt/sources.list.d/nvidia-container-toolkit.list

>           - apt-get update

Reviewer 2: Would it make sense to do this first, and then install docker as part of this block rather than via the `packages` statement, to keep it all together?

Author: fixed

          - DEBIAN_FRONTEND=noninteractive apt-get install -y nvidia-container-toolkit

>           - nvidia-ctk runtime configure --runtime=docker

Reviewer 2: what does this do?

Author: fixed

            --config=/etc/docker/daemon.json
          - systemctl restart docker

1. Apply this `cloud-init` setup to your instance:

        lxc config set t1 cloud-init.user-data - < cloud-init.yml

1. Start the instance:

        lxc start t1

1. Wait for the `cloud-init` process to finish:

        lxc exec t1 -- cloud-init status --wait

> 1. Once cloud-init is finished, open a shell in the instance:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Once `cloud-init` is finished, open a shell in the instance:
```

Author: fixed

        lxc exec t1 -- /bin/bash

1. Edit the NVIDIA container runtime to avoid using `cgroups`:

        sudo nvidia-ctk config  --in-place --set nvidia-container-cli.no-cgroups

> 1. If you use an iGPU and that your NVIDIA container runtime is not automatically enabled with CSV mode (needed for NVIDIA Tegra board), you can enable it manually:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. If you use an iGPU and your NVIDIA container runtime is not automatically enabled with CSV mode (needed for NVIDIA Tegra board), enable it manually:
```

Author: fixed

        sudo nvidia-ctk config --in-place --set nvidia-container-runtime.mode=csv

1. Now, run the inference workload with Docker:

>     - If you setup a dGPU pass-through:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - If you set up a dGPU pass-through:
```
(It's "to set up" as a verb, but "a setup" as a noun.)

Author: fixed

>           root@t1 # docker run --gpus all --runtime nvidia --rm -v $(pwd):/sh_input nvcr.io/nvidia/tensorrt:24.02-py3 bash /sh_input/run_tensorrt.sh

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
          docker run --gpus all --runtime nvidia --rm -v $(pwd):/sh_input nvcr.io/nvidia/tensorrt:24.02-py3 bash /sh_input/run_tensorrt.sh
```

Author: fixed

>     - If you setup an iGPU pass-through:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - If you set up an iGPU pass-through:
```

Author: fixed

>           root@t1 # docker run --gpus all --runtime nvidia --rm -v $(pwd):/sh_input nvcr.io/nvidia/tensorrt:24.02-py3-igpu bash /sh_input/run_tensorrt.sh

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
          docker run --gpus all --runtime nvidia --rm -v $(pwd):/sh_input nvcr.io/nvidia/tensorrt:24.02-py3-igpu bash /sh_input/run_tensorrt.sh
```

Author: fixed

    - If you want to do a dGPU pass-through:

          lxc config device add t1 gpu0 gpu gputype=physical id=nvidia.com/gpu=0

After adding the device, let's try to run a basic [MNIST](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MNIST_database) inference job inside our LXD container.

1. Create a `cloud-init` script that installs the Docker runtime, the [NVIDIA Container Toolkit](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-container-toolkit), and a script to run a test [TensorRT](https://github.com/NVIDIA/TensorRT) workload:

        #cloud-config
        package_update: true
        write_files:
          # `run_tensorrt.sh` compiles samples TensorRT applications and run the the `sample_onnx_mnist` program which loads an ONNX model into the TensorRT inference server and execute a digit recognition job.
          - path: /root/run_tensorrt.sh
            permissions: "0755"
            owner: root:root
            content: |
            #!/bin/bash
            echo "OS release,Kernel version"
            (. /etc/os-release; echo "${PRETTY_NAME}"; uname -r) | paste -s -d,
            echo
            nvidia-smi -q
            echo
            exec bash -o pipefail -c "

>             cd /workspace/tensorrt/samples

Author: This comes from the tensorRT docker image I use a bit later in the tutorial.

            make -j4
            cd /workspace/tensorrt/bin
            ./sample_onnx_mnist
            retstatus=\${PIPESTATUS[0]}
            echo \"Test exited with status code: \${retstatus}\" >&2
            exit \${retstatus}
            "
        runcmd:
          # Install Docker to run the AI workload
          - curl -fsSL https://get.docker.com -o install-docker.sh
          - sh install-docker.sh --version 25.0
          # The following installs the NVIDIA container toolkit
          # as explained in the official doc website: https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/latest/install-guide.html#installing-with-apt

>           - curl -fsSL https://nvidia.github.io/libnvidia-container/gpgkey | sudo gpg

Author: fixed

            --dearmor -o /usr/share/keyrings/nvidia-container-toolkit-keyring.gpg

>           - curl -s -L

Author: fixed

            https://nvidia.github.io/libnvidia-container/stable/deb/nvidia-container-toolkit.list
            | sed 's#deb https://#deb
            [signed-by=/usr/share/keyrings/nvidia-container-toolkit-keyring.gpg]
            https://#g' | tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/nvidia-container-toolkit.list

>           - sed -i -e '/experimental/ s/^#//g'

Author: fixed

            /etc/apt/sources.list.d/nvidia-container-toolkit.list

>           # Now that the package manager has been updated, update it.

Author: fixed

          - apt-get update
          # Install NVIDIA container toolkit
          - DEBIAN_FRONTEND=noninteractive apt-get install -y nvidia-container-toolkit
          # Ultimately, we need to tell Docker, our container runtime, to use `nvidia-ctk` as a runtime.
          - nvidia-ctk runtime configure --runtime=docker
            --config=/etc/docker/daemon.json
          - systemctl restart docker

1. Apply this `cloud-init` setup to your instance:

        lxc config set t1 cloud-init.user-data - < cloud-init.yml

1. Start the instance:

        lxc start t1

1. Wait for the `cloud-init` process to finish:

        lxc exec t1 -- cloud-init status --wait

1. Once `cloud-init` is finished, open a shell in the instance:

>         lxc exec t1 -- /bin/bash

Author: fixed

(container-gpu-passthrough-with-docker)=

> # Passing an NVIDIA dGPU / iGPU to a LXD container with a nested Docker workload

Reviewer 3: The title should start with "How to ...", and ideally it should be similar to the title in the navigation. And not too long - details should go into the introduction.
So something like "How to pass an NVIDIA GPU to a container" (navigation: "Pass a GPU"/"Pass an INVIDIA GPU") or "How to run GPU workloads on nested docker" (navigation: "Run GPU workloads on docker") or "How to run docker GPU workloads" (navigation: "Run docker GPU workloads") - depends a bit on where you want to put the focus.

Also, are we talking container only? Or do you mean instance?

The clarification that GPU can mean dGPU or iGPU should go into the first paragraph.

Author: `How to pass an NVIDIA GPU to a container` seems fine. And yes, this is for container only.

Author: fixed

> If you have NVIDIA runtime libraries and configuration installed on your host and you want to pass these files to your container, you should add a device with the CDI notation.

Reviewer 3: I think you also need the GPU, not only the runtime libraries. ;)

Author: fixed

> If you have NVIDIA runtime libraries and configuration installed on your host and you want to pass these files to your container, you should add a device with the CDI notation.

Reviewer 3: "add a device with the CDI notation" - is the CDI notation important here? My impression is that the focus should be on passing the GPU (which you can do by specifying the device in CDI notation).

Author: fixed

Consider the following scenario:

Your host is an NVIDIA single board computer that has a Tegra SoC with an iGPU, and you have an the Tegra SDK installed on the host. You want to create a LXD container and run an application inside the container using the iGPU as a compute backend. We want to run this application inside a Docker container (or another OCI-compliant runtime).
To achieve this, complete the following steps:

> 1. Initialize a LXD container with the following configuration keys (needed for running a Docker container inside a LXD container):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Initialize a LXD container with {config:option}`instance-security:security.nesting` enabled (needed for running a Docker container inside a LXD container):
```

Author: fixed

        lxc init ubuntu:24.04 t1 --config security.nesting=true

1. Add the GPU device to your container:

>         # If you want to do an iGPU passthrough
>         lxc config device add t1 igpu0 gpu gputype=physical id=nvidia.com/igpu=0
> 
>         # Or, if you want to do an dGPU passthrough
>         lxc config device add t1 gpu0 gpu gputype=physical id=nvidia.com/gpu=0

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - If you want to do an iGPU pass-through:
    
          lxc config device add t1 igpu0 gpu gputype=physical id=nvidia.com/igpu=0

    - If you want to do a dGPU pass-through:
    
          lxc config device add t1 gpu0 gpu gputype=physical id=nvidia.com/gpu=0
```

Author: fixed

> Let's try to run a basic [MNIST](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MNIST_database) inference job inside our LXD container.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After adding the device, let's try to run a basic [MNIST](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MNIST_database) inference job inside our LXD container.
```

Author: fixed

> 1. For that, create a `cloud-init` script that installs the Docker runtime, the [NVIDIA Container Toolkit](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-container-toolkit), and a script to run a test [TensorRT](https://github.com/NVIDIA/TensorRT) workload:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Create a `cloud-init` script that installs the Docker runtime, the [NVIDIA Container Toolkit](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-container-toolkit), and a script to run a test [TensorRT](https://github.com/NVIDIA/TensorRT) workload:
```

Author: fixed

        #cloud-config
        package_update: true
        packages:
          - docker.io
        write_files:
          - path: /etc/docker/daemon.json
            permissions: "0644"
            owner: root:root

>             content: |

Author: fixed

          - systemctl enable docker
          - usermod -aG docker root
          - curl -fsSL https://nvidia.github.io/libnvidia-container/gpgkey | sudo gpg
            --dearmor -o /usr/share/keyrings/nvidia-container-toolkit-keyring.gpg
          - curl -s -L
            https://nvidia.github.io/libnvidia-container/stable/deb/nvidia-container-toolkit.list
            | sed 's#deb https://#deb
            [signed-by=/usr/share/keyrings/nvidia-container-toolkit-keyring.gpg]
            https://#g' | tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/nvidia-container-toolkit.list
          - sed -i -e '/experimental/ s/^#//g'
            /etc/apt/sources.list.d/nvidia-container-toolkit.list
          - apt-get update
          - DEBIAN_FRONTEND=noninteractive apt-get install -y nvidia-container-toolkit
          - nvidia-ctk runtime configure --runtime=docker
            --config=/etc/docker/daemon.json
          - systemctl restart docker

1. Apply this `cloud-init` setup to your instance:

        lxc config set t1 cloud-init.user-data - < cloud-init.yml

1. Start the instance:

        lxc start t1

1. Wait for the `cloud-init` process to finish:

        lxc exec t1 -- cloud-init status --wait

> 1. Once cloud-init is finished, we can shell into the instance:
> 
>         lxc shell t1

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Once cloud-init is finished, open a shell in the instance:

        lxc exec t1 -- /bin/bash
```

Reviewer 3: (We don't use the `shell` alias in the docs - and also, there is no verb "to shell". :wink: )

Author: fixed

> 1. We now need to edit the NVIDIA container runtime. Ensure that we have set `no-cgroups = true` in `/etc/nvidia-container-runtime/config.toml`. Once modified, make sure to restart the NVIDIA container runtime for Docker with `nvidia-ctk runtime configure --runtime=docker --config=/etc/docker/daemon.json && systemctl restart docker`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Edit the NVIDIA container runtime. 
   Open `/etc/nvidia-container-runtime/config.toml` and set `no-cgroups = true`.
   Once modified, restart the NVIDIA container runtime for Docker with the following command:
   
       nvidia-ctk runtime configure --runtime=docker --config=/etc/docker/daemon.json && systemctl restart docker
```

Reviewer 3: "Ensure that we have set" - we haven't done that, or did I miss it in any of the previous steps?

Author: fixed

```{note}
If you use an iGPU (with an NVIDIA Tegra board for example), the NVIDIA runtime must be enabled with **CSV** mode. This mode is primarily targeted at Tegra-based systems without NVML (NVIDIA Management Library) available.

> Therefore, you must modify the `mode` (or ensure it is right) of the NVIDIA Container Runtime inside the LXD container to the value `csv` and not `auto` when running Docker.

Author: fixed

You can do this by editing the `/etc/nvidia-container-runtime/config.toml` configuration file.

> ```

Reviewer 3: This should not be a note but another step, starting with "If you use an iGPU ...". Make sure to rewrite it as actions that you want the user to perform.

Author: fixed

> 1. Now, we're finally ready to run our inference workload with Docker:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Now, run the inference workload with Docker:
```

Author: fixed

        # If you did a dGPU passthrough

>         root@t1 # docker run --privileged --gpus all --runtime nvidia --rm -v $(pwd):/sh_input nvcr.io/nvidia/tensorrt:24.02-py3 bash /sh_input/run_tensorrt.sh

Author: fixed

        # If you did a iGPU passthrough

>         root@t1 # docker run --privileged --gpus all --runtime nvidia --rm -v $(pwd):/sh_input nvcr.io/nvidia/tensorrt:24.02-py3-igpu bash /sh_input/run_tensorrt.sh

Reviewer 3: Use a bullet list for the two options again (as above).

Author: fixed

> 1. In the end you should see something like:

Reviewer 3: This is the result of the current step, not a new one. So keep the indentation, but remove the `1.`.

Author: fixed

To achieve this, complete the following steps:

1. Initialize a LXD container with the following config keys (needed for running a Docker container inside a LXD container):

        lxc init ubuntu:24.04 t1 --config security.nesting=true

1. Add the GPU device to your container:

        # If you want to do an iGPU passthrough
        lxc config device add t1 igpu0 gpu gputype=physical id=nvidia.com/igpu=0

        # Or, if you want to do an dGPU passthrough
        lxc config device add t1 gpu0 gpu gputype=physical id=nvidia.com/gpu=0

Let's try to run a basic [MNIST](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MNIST_database) inference job inside our LXD container.

1. For that, create a `cloud-init` script that installs the Docker runtime, the [NVIDIA Container Toolkit](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-container-toolkit), and a script to run a test [TensorRT](https://github.com/NVIDIA/TensorRT) workload:

        #cloud-config
        package_update: true
        packages:
          - docker.io
        write_files:
          - path: /etc/docker/daemon.json
            permissions: "0644"
            owner: root:root
            content: |
            {

>                 "max-concurrent-downloads": 12,

Reviewer 2: i asked this previously, but are these required, or can we slim down the steps/config to the minimal required?

Reviewer 2: it would be good to add a comment to explain changes made from defaults and why, but if not needed then could be removed to not indicate that its part of the actual howto.

Author: fixed
